/usr/bin/python3.5 /home/iiip/PycharmProjects/Experiment/data_helper.py
enca: Cannot convert `60366' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `60498' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `60868' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `60936' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `61116' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `50467' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51591' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51592' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51593' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51594' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51865' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51892' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51904' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51916' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51917' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51941' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52033' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52164' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52165' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52196' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `82776' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `83651' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `83777' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `59055' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `59239' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `59535' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `53883' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `53803' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104352' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104419' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104471' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104474' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104562' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104572' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `104984' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `61293' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `61534' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `61556' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `38291' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `38489' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `38490' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `38568' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54070' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54071' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54485' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `76112' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `76361' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `76548' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `76843' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `49960' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `51060' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52499' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52909' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `52910' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54163' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54164' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `101596' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `103694' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `103700' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `103725' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `66871' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `68001' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `53879' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54000' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54036' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54042' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54516' from unknown encoding
enca: Cannot convert `54769' from unknown encoding

Process finished with exit code 0
